30% Off Back MaxHermes DESTROYS Hermes? 🚀 Upgrade New Transcript Subtitles Chapter  Today we have the first deployable Hermes agent in the cloud from Miniax. Right. So Miniaax and Max Hermes is here which is basically like a cloud hosted version of Hermes which means if you're not technical you can easily get this set up in one click. Like all the open claw Kim claw max claw etc that has already been released. There's now max Hermes. We're going to get this deployed and test out today. See how it performs. So, if you're not very technical, this is a great option for you. And Hermes is Read More   probably my favorite AI agent right now. I switch between Open Claw and Hermes. I still use Open Claw. Sometimes Hermes fails at things. I switch over to Open Claw. Sometimes both of them fail. Switch over to Manis. Either way, you can deploy an agent in one click using this process right here. Right. The biggest difference between Hermes and something like, for example, Open Claw is that it is self-evolving, right? It improves itself. And then also with this setup, it's always running 24/7. I know Read More   a lot of people struggle with setting up Hermes, getting it working. Same with Open Claw. And so this is an easy way and also you can access it inside your apps as well. So we're going to get started with setting this up. We do need to upgrade to get access. I'm going to go to the monthly plan and we'll subscribe here. And you can see we are now creating Max Hermes, right? So this is it. That was really easy to set up. It was literally like 10 seconds and it was set up, which is pretty cool. And Read More   you can see it's ready to go here. So this is powered by mini marks which is a really good API itself. And also what you can do over here is you can attach files, speak to it directly. You've got all the skills I think as well here's something interesting is like you can use these skills in the setups between max flooror and Hermes. Right? So you got max floor over here which is basically open core in the cloud ready to go. And then we also have max Hermes which is ready to go too, right? And we Read More   can rename it anytime too. So let's go inside here and see okay how does it work how does it perform etc and also one thing you'll note here is you've got this little click pop out here so you can switch between processes and files now some people going to say I want to host my Hermes locally I don't want to do access in the cloud but you got to bear in mind like 99% of people can't use a terminal right it's almost impossible for a lot of people to use a terminal and if you're not technical if Read More   you're not a developer or you're not into using terminal this is way easier it's way simpler and also A lot of people just waste a full day and then give up on setting Hermes. This is a much easier setup. So for example, here we can go over to our terminal. So for example here, if we go inside our terminal, let me compare these side by side, right? So we can run Hermes inside a terminal window here, which is actually running on Miniax M2.7. And then we have Hermes here, right? Which Read More   one is nicer and easier to use? For sure, undeniably, right, it's Max Hermes. So if we go inside here now, let's try a request here. So I'm going to say okay check the latest on the claude opus 4.7 leaks and we'll run the same command inside Hermes terminal as well. Right. So we've got both of these running. This is on Miniax M2.7. This is on minimax 2. And you can see which one is beginning to reply faster. And now it's using this prompt as you can see. This is quite interesting. It seems to have totally Read More   got confused here. So you see how it's like writing in a weird way. I've never seen that before. Now we go. Right. So it over complicated things. So that's one thing to bear in mind here is it doesn't it might seem really cool but actually that surprised me. It really struggled with that. So it gave us a prompt in the details here but it seems like it didn't give us this answer immediately. We actually had to challenge it for details right now. Also, you can see here when it replied Read More   to us in terms of the latest leaks. Obviously, there was a direct connection to the internet as soon as we launched that and it's actually found the latest details on Opus 4.7 because it says it's imminent, which is absolutely where it's at right now. But it's weird how it replied with that response right now, right? Twice. We had to challenge it and then it responded. So, even then it can still be a little bit buggy as you can see. Now, let's try something else. So now I'm going to say okay generate an Read More   image and let's see if it can generate images inside Hermes as well. The other cool thing about this is like if you've got both of these set up you can just switch between the chats right which I quite like the idea of that would be quite fun. And you see it connects directly to the internet here as well. So it's even for example given us all the outputs the responses and we can see like any files it's created the current process it's working on what it's doing right now what it searched across the Read More   internet and its response in a kind of unfiltered way right there now we've actually got the image ready to go look at that pretty nice that is nice right so what it's done essentially it's created a nice little image based on what we asked it to do and that works straight out of the box which is great let's see if it can now create a video from that. So, it's definitely thinking about it. And boom, look at that. We've got the video ready to go right there. Right. So, it can generate images. It Read More   can generate videos straight out of the box. That is one of the biggest benefits of this is like basically the video looks pretty cool. But one of the biggest benefits about this is like it works straight out of the box, right? If you wanted to set this up inside for example Hermes directly number one you've got to set up Hermes itself which if you're not technical it might take 30 minutes one hour and then you've got to configure it with web search for using searches like this which again might Read More   take you at least 10 to 15 minutes especially if you've never done it before and you've got to get separate APIs and then also you have to figure out okay how do I get an image API in there and a video API in there right and so these are all skills that are just built in and ready to go straight out of the box, which does save a lot of time. And the thing is as well, if you go over to Max Hermes, it's going to work whenever you need to use it. Whereas, for example, if you're using this inside Read More   Telegram and you're using Hermes locally, sometimes it's not going to work, right? That's part of the game. That's part how that's how it goes sometimes. The other thing to note here as well, if you're using Max Hermes, this is deployed in the cloud, right? And what that means essentially is no one can really get access to it. Un unlike for example like open claw where we've seen all sorts of issues with people getting access to other people's open claws in the cloud this is siloed Read More   away from anything else so nobody else can get access to it now what I will say is there's a lot more documentation for maxclaw versus max Hermes so if you go to max Hermes for example there's no real sort of documentation on how to use it or anything if you go back to max floor you've got like a full maxccclaw guide over there right and also if you go to your settings you can actually change the channels that have access to max floor, right? So, you can connect Telegram, Discord, or Slack and that Read More   sort of thing. Let's have a look at Max Hermes now. Can we do the same? Let's see. No. See, look at this. There's no settings option for Max Hermes, right? So, you can't connect it to your phone. You can't connect it to different apps. You can't set up scheduled tasks. That's a big problem. Let's see if it can actually set up scheduled tasks because you can't manage them inside the settings, right? There's no real dashboard for this. And it might be because for example with openclaw it has Read More   a gateway and that came with maxclaw when it got set up. With Hermes it seems to struggle. So let's see if this has scheduled tasks. It might be that you just have to manage them inside the chat here. Now the new version of Hermes v 0.9 actually comes with a mission control dashboard. So I'd imagine this will get easier to manage too. But right now there's no real settings for this, right? It's just like delete, restart, or have a little chat with it. So, I'd honestly say if I had a choice between Read More   max Hermes and Max floor, I would actually go with max floor. I think it's got a lot more value to it. It's also a little bit slow to respond. So, you can see here it takes its time to respond. It's actually totally stopped responding right there. And maybe it would just take a long time, but it seems to have broken. So, I like the idea of this, but it is rough around the edges, right? This is nowhere near as reliable as Maxclaw was when I tested out. And even Hermes itself, if you were setting up on Read More   a local setup, it's not going to take that long to respond. Now, this did just get released, right? Like literally about a couple of hours ago, it got released and it's brand new. So, that would explain it, but just be wary that it's really rough around the edges. It's not responding to me at all. Let's refresh the page. We might have to stop the test there. If that's the case, look at that. It's just stuck on this. We may have to restart this to get it going, but it shouldn't do that, right? On the Read More   first test, it shouldn't do that. So, let's just refresh the page now. Yeah, you can see it's still stuck on responding. If we click on stop task here, we can get back to it. But a little bit dodgy. All right. So it does say it can set up schedule task now. So let's see if we can do it. Can you schedule news tasks AI news automation tasks for me? Let's see if it can work on that. I like the idea again of it and I like Miniax itself. It's a pretty it's pretty cool in terms of what it's done, Read More   what it's achieved, especially how much it's growing. But this is not ideal my friends. I think as well one of the beautiful things about using Hermes is like you can have agents responding in group chats right you can have Hermes responding in group chats like this right so you can see here for example these guys are talking to each other they can respond in a group chat they work pretty well when you're using inside telegram you don't get that with max Hermes and also it's still stuck Read More   here it's not responding so would I say it replaces Hermes no even if you're nontechnical I wouldn't use this like it looked really promising at first but the fact that it's not responding it breaks there's no settings. It's not ready yet. Maybe it'll be ready in a few days, but right now it's really rough around the edges. What I would recommend is checking out Max flooror if you want something like this that's way more reliable. Or just figure out Hermes and Read More   how to use it. So, do I recommend switching to Max Hermes? Absolutely not just yet. I think it's rough around the edges. I do think we'll see a lot more Hermes cloud hosted setups like this. There'll probably be a Kimy's There'll probably be like a Kimmy Hermes or something like that in the future, too. and all these other services will probably have their own cloud hosted version of Hermes as well. So if you want to get more training about this, we actually got two courses inside the AR Read More   profitable boarding. One on open core and one on Hermes if you want to learn more about this. And you can also see we drop like daily new tutorials on how to use all this stuff including how to use Hermes version.9. And you can also connect with me personally and I'll answer your DMs and that sort of thing. You can post inside the community, get help and support whenever you need it. You can jump on weekly coaching calls four times a week where you can ask questions about your setup. We go really Read More   deep on stuff like Hermes and AI agents and also you can share your screen and connect with other people doing similar things. Inside the map you can connect with people in your city who are using AI agents like Hermes and Open Claw and inside the classroom you get access to all of my best training. So feel free to get that link in the comments description or just go to the aiprofitborn.com. Thanks for watching. I'll see you on the next one. Read More  Summary Mind Map AI Chat More Summarize Log in to get 15 free quotas per month. Log In 🎉 Now you can create infographics. Learn faster with visuals.