30% Off Back Claude Opus-4.7 Just Dropped, And... 🚀 Upgrade New Transcript Subtitles Chapter  Hey everybody, Opus 4.7 just dropped a few minutes ago and I thought I'd spend a couple minutes both talking about the benchmarks and then running you guys through my thoughts on the model uh where things are going relative to Mythos preview and then the wider marketplace uh in general. So odds are if I'm being honest uh Spud or the new GPT model is likely to drop very quickly after Opus 4.7. So I'd expect that sometime in the next few days. Um but Opus 4.7 is just better in more or less Read More   every way versus Opus 4.6 six. Aside from one or two key things, which I find kind of weird, and I'll cover that in a second. This is the benchmark comparison scorecard between 4.6 uh uh 4.7, a GPT 5.4, Gemini 3.1 Pro, and then over here on the right, their Mythos preview, which if you guys didn't know is like their Galaxy Brain Intelligence model, which uh basically hacked the entire internet just about a week and a half ago. Now, Opus 4.7 is a step up from Opus 4.6, six, but it's almost like a Read More   half step, you know, if like if if this over here is Opus 4.6, then this over here is Mythos preview, what they've done is they basically provided us sort of like a mid tier, okay, halfway between uh 4.6 and and mythos. And that's just because they don't really feel comfortable sharing mythos with every man, woman, and child on Earth because according to, you know, the anthropic staff, they they believe it's like giving kids nuclear freaking weapons. So, whatever your beliefs on Read More   that are, um, you know, I can understand why they're a little bit more reticent, too, if you know it's capable of hacking Chrome and and and multiple operating systems and so on and so forth, but obviously I would much rather have that nuclear bomb in my hand. Um, let's go through the benchmarks real quick. The software engineering bench pro, which is sort of like the the main one, uh, well, pro and verified that they used to test the abilities of these models to do things like software engineering, shows Read More   a pretty significant step up from 4.6. It's from 53.4% 4% to 64.3. So that's about 10%. Now, I should note that that is almost mathematically um half of the step up between Opus 4.6 and Mythos preview. So I don't know if there's any like benchmark optimization going on there. I don't really know exactly how this model was created under the hood. Um but it is interesting how many of these benchmarks do end up as like literally exactly 50% steps up. My take on how Opus 4.7 was uh trained is it's Read More   probably mythos preview just distilled basically dummified down a little bit and running on a lot faster and and better hardware. So uh anywh who that's software engineering bench pro you can see the exact same thing for software engineering bench verified um on the agentic terminal coding what's interesting is you know 65.4% 69.4% and then 82. So this is a much smaller step up and I think this is probably because this is where a lot of these security concerns come from like a model's Read More   ability to use, you know, bash scripts and whatnot and actually control a terminal uh to do things like ping various ports and and so on. So part of me feels like this is the part that's been disproportionately dumbed down. Of course, I have no real basis upon which I'm saying this aside from my own intuition, so take all that with a grain of salt. Okay. Then there's humanity's last exam which you guys are unfamiliar is uh was kind of like a pretty strong marketed benchmark that's like you know Read More   this is the most intense set of tasks that we can ever get an AI model to do and if they do these tasks then it's essentially AGI and you can see here that opus 4.6 scored about 40%. So you know four out of the 10 questions that it would get it would do. Opus 4.7 scored 46.9 whereas mythos scored 56.8 8. So, it's almost half of the way there. And I should note in uh at least AI time scales, when you're half of the way there, you're actually kind of like 90% of the way there because typically Read More   the way that these things go is kind of like this, right? If you're scoring 50%, you're over here. And realistically, the gap between your 50% and the 100% is pretty pretty small. So, my take is most of these benchmarks are going to be saturated within one generation. That's my that's my hot prediction. Um, Agentic Search for Browse Comp is 79.3%. What's so fascinating to me is this is that one situation where Opus 4.6 actually did better than 4.7. So maybe it's because they specifically nerfed these two in Read More   tandem with each other. I I don't know. Maybe that again is like where most of the computer security concerns came from. But this is actually going to underperform relative to Opus 4.6 on Agentic Search, at least on this um at least relative to this benchmark. Scaled tool use is uh I think it's a new benchmark that they're doing on MCP- Atlas that did not exist for Mythos preview. Uh so interestingly enough or maybe they just didn't do it for mythos preview but here it scores just a little Read More   bit better than 4.6. Agentic computer use is you know marginally better as well. It's very close to mythos previews. Agentic financial analysis which is really interesting is a good 4.3% better than Opus 4.6. Uh oh man I'm already getting tired of doing benchmarks. Good God, I can't believe somebody suckered me into making this video. Cyber security vulnerability reproductions a little bit worse than Opus 4.6, which is their attempt to make it safer. Graduate level reasoning it crushes on. So this thing is better than Read More   most M's degrees uh at this point. And not only is it like better qualitatively, it's also better quantitatively. We're talking like it can run thousands of times faster than a human brain can and parallelize its instances and so on and so forth. That's that's no joke. On visual reasoning, we saw probably the biggest leap up to date. Um, it got from 69.1% no tools, basically just raw dogging it, up to 82.1%. Which is quite quite frankly bonkers. I mean, like the visual reasoning step up Read More   here is is nuts. I imagine it's almost like previously the model was looking at things with uh, you know, like like 15 out of 20 vision and now it's capable of looking at things with like 19 out of 20 vision. Any opthalmologists watching this video, I'm sorry. I don't actually know how that works, but that's more or less how I'm mapping it in my head. And then multilingual Q&A uh which Mythos preview was not tested on and neither was GBD 5.4 tested on it. It obviously Read More   does a lot better. Okay, so what what are we seeing here? You know, as mentioned, it's a big step up from Opus 4.6 in virtually every capacity except for a couple of ones that are probably security related. And you know, I don't want to comment too much on that, but um I I think I think security is like a legitimate concern that Anthropic had with releasing the model. I don't think they're just like, "Mwah, haha, let's get together the world's biggest companies and give them access to the Read More   model to permanent underclass the rest of us." I think anytime in history there's been the ability to uh, you know, point a finger at somebody, whether a company or organization or some sort of collective, and then say they're doing this stuff because they're evil and they hate us. Yeah, for the most part, we're we're usually wrong. It's usually not because they're doing stuff because they hate us. they're doing stuff because they have some sort of incentive or, you know, they believe Read More   strongly that, you know, stuff like this should not actually come out. And I can't make judgments as to whether or not that's the right thing to do. But, um, you know, as somebody that's been working with model technology now for just about 7 years, uh, you know, I've seen models go through a lot of change. You know, back when I started my first business, uh, one of my first businesses, I was going door to door and, um, also cold calling companies trying to sell them like local marketing Read More   services. And at the time I could reach maybe 10 or 15 of these businesses in an hour. Today with something like Opus 4.6 I can reach over 5,000 in that same time period. And it's not that I'm reaching them with equivalent levels of outreach. I'm reaching them with way more customized higher quality outreach. So I mean like just think about that leverage increase and think about something that can potentially do another 10 or 20x on top of that. Really giving that to every man, woman, and child on Earth is uh Read More   probably a little bit irresponsible unless it comes with like a fair amount of training and preparation across the board. So yeah, where do I think this stuff is going? If I'm being completely honest with you, this doesn't fundamentally change anything. I think a lot of people are probably going to be making videos on this and blog posts and you'll see a bunch of X threads all about how everything is over. But, you know, this has been a steady incremental progression over the course of the last Read More   like 3 or 4 years. What you could have done with AI 3 years ago, you can do now. It's just you can do it now in kind of a sloppier and looser way and still get the same results. Like think about anything that you might actually use AI for. Fundamentally speaking, the technology that you bet has been around for the last like three years or so. It's just back then you need to build a bunch of scaffolding around it and you need to be highly specific with your prompts and you need to ask it in just Read More   the right way. Whereas now you can just, you know, throw in a prompt raw dog and like 80% of the time it'll do a pretty good job. So does this open up any new applications? Not really. My main take is that AI does not make things possible anymore. It just makes things slightly more profitable anymore. And there are some business use cases uh that used to not be profitable that are now profitable simply because you can throw AI at it. You do things like you know personalize large amounts of out Read More   outreach in a very quick way or perform a lot of financial analysis in a in a very fast and easy manner. But it's not like you know we're we're we're producing something from nothing. I think if you want to actually go to that point, you have to go way back to 2020 when OpenAI dropped GPT3 and you started legitimately be able be being able to do things like give a natural uh uh request to a model and then have it convert it into some sort of bash command. Like that to me was the zero to one moment. Read More   Everything else has just been like horizontal expansion of the capability. So I mean you're going to have to build fewer harnesses uh in order to achieve the same result. Alternatively, you could use the model to build better harnesses for the model to achieve better results. But these are all just little percentile shifts up and down. We're seeing commoditization of models like this now because of this obsession with benchmarks where uh you know people are just picking whatever model has like Read More   a slightly higher score on X thing or Y thing. But at the same time, I also think due to the slight personality differences of these models, you know, if you're picking uh you know, Opus 4.6 six because sorry Opus 4.7 because it has a 77.3% skill on scaled tool use versus I don't know hypothetically Opus 4.6 because it has 75.8%. And you know there there's a big personality shift between these two models. You you might as well just stick with the one that's already working pretty well for you and then just build Read More   better scaffolding around it versus like having to go and sort of rejig your mind or rechange your infrastructure. Obviously between one Opus model and the next that's not a big deal because the API specs and endpoints are the exact same. But consider that maybe with something like um I don't know this slight difference between GPT 5.4 and then Opus 4.6. Over the course of the last couple months, I've seen so many people switching from Opus 4.6 to GBT 5.4 because they're chasing like a 3 to Read More   4% higher score in agenda coding, but then they also have to like completely rejig their entire infrastructure to accommodate that. Obviously, the models are trying to make it easy to port from one group to the other, but that sort of commoditization, I think, is um rather unfortunate and probably gets in the way more than it actually fixes things. So, yeah, I mean, my take on all of this again is just don't chase the shiny objects. The models are going to continue getting better. There's going Read More   to be a lot of noise and a lot of news about them, but that doesn't necessarily mean you have to stop everything you're doing and flip all of your infrastructure to Opus 4.7 because, as you can see, this is just a marginal kind of step up improvement towards uh towards Mythos. Hopefully that makes sense. If I pissed anybody off by posting a video within a few minutes of the news, hopefully I didn't piss you off too much. I don't really like making this a news channel, but I was online Read More   when I got the notification, and I figured I'd help interpret this for some people that maybe had less time. Have a lovely rest of the day, and I'll catch all y'all in the next video. See you. Summary Mind Map AI Chat More Summarize Log in to get 15 free quotas per month. Log In 🎉 Now you can create infographics. Learn faster with visuals.